README.md, before:

### CyanDream porter
#### Easily port CyanogenMod devices to CyanDream

How to use it: Fire up a terminal and clone this repo to e.g. your Desktop. After that, run the tool like this: `./port mako` if you'd like to port CyanDream to the device mako (Nexus 4). It will automatically get the device tree from the CyanogenMod GitHub account and modify it for CyanDream. If you already already have a device tree on your computer, just enter the path instead of the device codename. After that, just push it to a new Git repo, the commit is already created. If you want to skip some steps, take a look to the `config` file:

Set the entry you want to change to false. `splash` is for the splash screen, `cmgh` for the check if there is a device tree on GitHub, `vendor` changing the vendor from vendor/cm to vendor/cyandream, `pname` is for the device name, e.g. cm_mako. It will be changed to cd_mako. `deps` modifies the cm.dependencies file for CyanDream, `muppets` sets if you'd like to add a vendor manually and `git` creates the Git commit.

A big thanks goes to the guys from CyanogenMod for "roomservice", I use it for searching the right device repo.

Commit message:

add support for updating the vendorsetup.sh file
Change-Id: Ia21e48631f29cd5d0fc75c9d31eeee25d5b2935c

README.md, after:

### CyanDream porter
#### Easily port CyanogenMod devices to CyanDream

How to use it: Fire up a terminal and clone this repo to e.g. your Desktop. After that, run the tool like this: `./port mako` if you'd like to port CyanDream to the device mako (Nexus 4). It will automatically get the device tree from the CyanogenMod GitHub account and modify it for CyanDream. If you already already have a device tree on your computer, just enter the path instead of the device codename. After that, just push it to a new Git repo, the commit is already created. If you want to skip some steps, take a look to the `config` file:

Set the entry you want to change to false. `splash` is for the splash screen, `cmgh` for the check if there is a device tree on GitHub, `vendor` changing the vendor from vendor/cm to vendor/cyandream, `pname` is for the device name, e.g. cm_mako. It will be changed to cd_mako. `deps` modifies the cm.dependencies file for CyanDream, `muppets` sets if'd you like to add a vendor manually and `git` creates the Git commit. `vendorsetup` decides if you'd kike to update the vendorsetup.sh file.

A big thanks goes to the guys from CyanogenMod for "roomservice", I use it for searching the right device repo.
